ado/1272753 - Add EDR type detail to concept-mcc-data-product.md (#120427)
Azure/azure-content: articles/operator-insights/concept-mcc-data-product.md

The following data types are provided for all Quality of Experience - Affirmed MCC Data Products.

> - `edr` contains data from the Event Data Records (EDRs) written by the MCC network elements. EDRs record each significant event arising during calls or sessions handled by the MCC. They provide a comprehensive record of what happened, allowing operators to explore both individual problems and more general patterns. The set of EDRs supported by this Data Product are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `edr` contains data from the Event Data Records (EDRs) written by the MCC network elements. EDRs record each significant event arising during calls or sessions handled by the MCC. They provide a comprehensive record of what happened, allowing operators to explore both individual problems and more general patterns. The Data Product supports the following EDRs.
```

  - `Status`
  - `Session`
  - `Bearer`
  - `Flow`
  - `HTTP`
  - `RTT`
  - `MME CRR`
  - `SGSN CRR`

>     - Note, both kinds of `CRR` records are stored in the same table `all_mme_sgsn_events`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note: both kinds of `CRR` records are stored in the `all_mme_sgsn_events` table.
```

The following data types are provided for all Quality of Experience - Affirmed MCC Data Products.

- `edr` contains data from the Event Data Records (EDRs) written by the MCC network elements. EDRs record each significant event arising during calls or sessions handled by the MCC. They provide a comprehensive record of what happened, allowing operators to explore both individual problems and more general patterns. The Data Product supports the following EDRs.

>   - `Status`
>   - `Session`
>   - `Bearer`
>   - `Flow`
>   - `HTTP`
>   - `RTT`
>   - `MME CRR`
>   - `SGSN CRR`
>   
>   Note: both kinds of `CRR` records are stored in the `all_mme_sgsn_events` table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `Status`
  - `Session`
  - `Bearer`
  - `Flow`
  - `HTTP`
  - `RTT`
  - `MME CRR`
  - `SGSN CRR`
  
  > [!Note]
  > Both kinds of `CRR` records are stored in the `all_mme_sgsn_events` table.
```
